Docs fix metric storage (#13327)
netdata/netdata: docs/store/change-metrics-storage.md

# Change how long Netdata stores metrics

The Netdata Agent uses a custom made time-series database (TSDB), named the [`dbengine`](/database/engine/README.md), to store metrics.

The default settings retain approximately two day's worth of metrics on a system collecting 2,000 metrics every second,
but the Netdata Agent is highly configurable if you want your nodes to store days, weeks, or months worth of per-second
data.

> The Netdata Agent uses 3 fundamental settings in `netdata.conf` to change the behavior of the database engine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Netdata Agent uses the following three fundamental settings in `netdata.conf` to change the behavior of the database engine:
```

> 

Author: This is a task, change the storage settings. We will discuss more about it, resolving it for now
